c:\users\celestine.ezeokoye\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlueCups\BlueCups\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\celestine.ezeokoye\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlueCups\BlueCups\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\celestine.ezeokoye\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlueCups\BlueCups\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\celestine.ezeokoye\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlueCups\BlueCups\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\celestine.ezeokoye\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlueCups\BlueCups\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\celestine.ezeokoye\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlueCups\BlueCups\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\celestine.ezeokoye\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlueCups\BlueCups\Bin\Debug\BlueCups.dll
c:\users\celestine.ezeokoye\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlueCups\BlueCups\Bin\Debug\BlueCups.pdb
c:\users\celestine.ezeokoye\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlueCups\BlueCups\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\celestine.ezeokoye\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlueCups\BlueCups\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
c:\users\celestine.ezeokoye\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlueCups\BlueCups\Bin\Debug\BlueCups_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
c:\users\celestine.ezeokoye\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlueCups\BlueCups\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\celestine.ezeokoye\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlueCups\BlueCups\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\celestine.ezeokoye\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlueCups\BlueCups\obj\Debug\BlueCups.g.resources
c:\users\celestine.ezeokoye\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlueCups\BlueCups\obj\Debug\BlueCups.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\celestine.ezeokoye\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlueCups\BlueCups\obj\Debug\BlueCups.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\celestine.ezeokoye\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlueCups\BlueCups\obj\Debug\BlueCups.dll
c:\users\celestine.ezeokoye\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlueCups\BlueCups\obj\Debug\BlueCups.pdb
c:\users\celestine.ezeokoye\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlueCups\BlueCups\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
c:\users\celestine.ezeokoye\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlueCups\BlueCups\obj\Debug\PaymentFailed.g.cs
c:\users\celestine.ezeokoye\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlueCups\BlueCups\obj\Debug\PaymentSuccessful.g.cs
c:\users\celestine.ezeokoye\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlueCups\BlueCups\Bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\celestine.ezeokoye\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlueCups\BlueCups\Bin\Debug\Quickteller.Payment.Sdk.dll
c:\users\celestine.ezeokoye\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlueCups\BlueCups\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\celestine.ezeokoye\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlueCups\BlueCups\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\celestine.ezeokoye\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlueCups\BlueCups\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\celestine.ezeokoye\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlueCups\BlueCups\Bin\Debug\WP8BouncyCastle.dll
c:\users\celestine.ezeokoye\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlueCups\BlueCups\obj\Debug\BlueCups.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
