c:\users\celestine.ezeokoye\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlueCups\BlueCups\Bin\Release\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\celestine.ezeokoye\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlueCups\BlueCups\Bin\Release\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\celestine.ezeokoye\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlueCups\BlueCups\Bin\Release\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\celestine.ezeokoye\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlueCups\BlueCups\Bin\Release\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\celestine.ezeokoye\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlueCups\BlueCups\Bin\Release\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\celestine.ezeokoye\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlueCups\BlueCups\Bin\Release\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\celestine.ezeokoye\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlueCups\BlueCups\Bin\Release\BlueCups.dll
c:\users\celestine.ezeokoye\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlueCups\BlueCups\Bin\Release\BlueCups.pdb
c:\users\celestine.ezeokoye\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlueCups\BlueCups\Bin\Release\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\celestine.ezeokoye\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlueCups\BlueCups\Bin\Release\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
c:\users\celestine.ezeokoye\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlueCups\BlueCups\Bin\Release\BlueCups_Release_AnyCPU.xap
c:\users\celestine.ezeokoye\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlueCups\BlueCups\Bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\celestine.ezeokoye\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlueCups\BlueCups\Bin\Release\Quickteller.Payment.Sdk.dll
c:\users\celestine.ezeokoye\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlueCups\BlueCups\Bin\Release\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\celestine.ezeokoye\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlueCups\BlueCups\Bin\Release\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\celestine.ezeokoye\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlueCups\BlueCups\Bin\Release\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\celestine.ezeokoye\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlueCups\BlueCups\Bin\Release\WP8BouncyCastle.dll
c:\users\celestine.ezeokoye\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlueCups\BlueCups\obj\Release\App.g.cs
c:\users\celestine.ezeokoye\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlueCups\BlueCups\obj\Release\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\celestine.ezeokoye\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlueCups\BlueCups\obj\Release\PaymentFailed.g.cs
c:\users\celestine.ezeokoye\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlueCups\BlueCups\obj\Release\PaymentSuccessful.g.cs
c:\users\celestine.ezeokoye\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlueCups\BlueCups\obj\Release\BlueCups.g.resources
c:\users\celestine.ezeokoye\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlueCups\BlueCups\obj\Release\BlueCups.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\celestine.ezeokoye\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlueCups\BlueCups\obj\Release\BlueCups.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\celestine.ezeokoye\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlueCups\BlueCups\obj\Release\BlueCups.dll
c:\users\celestine.ezeokoye\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlueCups\BlueCups\obj\Release\BlueCups.pdb
c:\users\celestine.ezeokoye\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\BlueCups\BlueCups\obj\Release\XapCacheFile.xml
